Release 0.14 (#134)
okteto/docs: src/content/enterprise/install/releases.mdx

id: releases
---

## 0.14.0

> TBD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
July 14, 2022
```

### Features
- Add structured and staged logs for pipelines. Groups logs by stage in the okteto UI.

> - Support custom envvars for main okteto components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support adding custom environment variables for main okteto components
```

- Support adding custom annotations, labels, and environment variables to the pipeline installer jobs
- Display the CLI version used by the pipeline installer jobs in the Okteto UI admin panel
- You can now download the Okteto cluster context from the UI

### Improvements

> - Upgraded Okteto CLI to [2.4.1](https://github.com/okteto/okteto/releases/tag/2.4.1)

Reviewer: https://demo.okteto.dev/ says we have 2.4.2. Can you double check the version?

> - Upgraded Okteto CLI to [2.4.1](https://github.com/okteto/okteto/releases/tag/2.4.1)

Author: ```suggestion
- Upgraded Okteto CLI to [2.4.2](https://github.com/okteto/okteto/releases/tag/2.4.2)
```

> - Add better defaults for timestamps in event logs

Reviewer: can we be more specific on this? What is the bug that we fixed?

> - Remove deprecated Google Sign-in Javascript Platform Library in favor or standard OAuth. More info [here](https://developers.googleblog.com/2021/08/gsi-jsweb-deprecation.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove deprecated Google Sign-in Javascript Platform Library in favor or standard OAuth. More info [here](https://developers.googleblog.com/2021/08/gsi-jsweb-deprecation.html). No action is required. 
```

- Remove deprecated Google Sign-in Javascript Platform Library in favor or standard OAuth. More info [here](https://developers.googleblog.com/2021/08/gsi-jsweb-deprecation.html)

> - Remove the [helm catalog](https://www.okteto.com/docs/enterprise/administration/configuration/#applications) on self-hosted installations by default. This makes installing CRDs not mandatory during cluster creation.

Reviewer: Are we updating the installation guides to reflect this?

```suggestion
- Disable the [helm catalog](https://www.okteto.com/docs/enterprise/administration/configuration/#applications) on self-hosted installations by default. This makes installing CRDs not mandatory during cluster creation.
```

### Bugfixes

> - Improve backend api upgrades

Reviewer: Can we be more specific on this?

Author: Thanks @jpf-okteto! Renamed it and moved it to the improvements section

> - Do not attempt to redeploy snapshots in the webhook for update operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The webhook will not redeploy snapshots as part of an update operation.
```

- Do not attempt to redeploy snapshots in the webhook for update operations

> - Account for installer jobs token in registry auth

Reviewer: What does this mean?

Author: This is https://github.com/okteto/app/pull/4077

@pchico83 how can we put this?

Reviewer 2: @rberrelleza the token we were using in installer jobs wasn't supported in our registry auth layer. this was breaking the use case to use our helm registry as a hemp chart repository

Reviewer: can we phrase it that way then? The way is described today doesn't tell me anything as a user or admin of okteto.

> - Account for installer jobs token in registry auth

Reviewer: Is this accurate?
```suggestion
- Pipelines are now able to push and pull charts to the internal repository
```

> - Block deploy button in UI while request is in-flight. This was causing duoble deploys sometimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Block the deploy button in the UI while requests are in-flight. This was causing double deploys in some scenarios.
```

> - Block the deploy button in the UI while requests are in-flight. This was causing double deploys in some scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The deploy button is now disabled in the UI while requests are in-flight. This was causing double deploys in some scenarios.
```

> - Fix memory leak caused by not freeing up resoures sometime after closing the connection when streaming logs.

Reviewer: Can we add on which resource this is? Is it in the webapp?
```suggestion
- Fixed memory leak caused by not freeing up resoures sometime after closing the connection when streaming the logs.
```

> - Fixed memory leak caused by not freeing up resoures sometime after closing the connection when streaming the logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed memory leak caused by not freeing up some resources after closing the connection when streaming the logs.
```

### Features
- Add structured and staged logs for pipelines. Groups logs by stage in the okteto UI.

> - Support adding custom environment variables for main okteto components

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Support adding custom environment variables for main Okteto components
```

- Improve backend api upgrades
- Do not attempt to redeploy snapshots in the webhook for update operations
- Account for installer jobs token in registry auth

> - Block the deploy button in the UI while requests are in-flight. This was causing double deploys in some scenarios.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Blocked the deploy button in the UI while requests are in-flight. This was causing double deploys in some scenarios.
```
